Call Seba/Dinis/Francois

Topics:
0. actions last week
1. venue to start negotiations with?
2. improve content on summit to promote / get sponsors
3. workshop owners / content / scheduling?
4. review the budget together as well as possible source of funding for the summit.
5. Cover the current Owasp reaction to the DevSecCon connection/positioning
6. need to clarify numbers for 24h and 8h attendees. This will help finalising the venue and clarify budget 
7. continue outreach + explain to owasp community what the summit is

Actions Last Week
push for more people on the doodle (ALL) - DONE
start with a sponsor brochure (multiples of 2000 USD?) - seba to start this - 
continue looking for the venue (Francois) - DONE
create mailchimp for updates (seba)
keep pointing to the slack channel for interactions (ALL) - DONE

Notes:
1) 
center parcs is main target venue with big appartments , cheaper one.
backup: ??
no availability 19-23 June (big room is rented out - is that an issue)
they are available the week before - 12-16 June
2)
start website
3)
for workshops - we need mailchimp
pressure on the workshops to make it to the main schedule
there will be dependencies
schedule will be volatile and only solid near the summit
focus on the projects (zap, samm, ...)
mobile security 
4)
review venue pricing 
buy-in owasp is needed for "credit-check"

6)
24h / 8h attendees
70  + 150
= 200 in total
60% / 40%

Actions:
recover mailing list previous owasp summits (seba - requested to Kate)
start with a sponsor brochure (multiples of 2000 USD?) - seba to start this 
send sponsorship input to seba (francois)
block with an option (Francois)
visit on site (19-Dec) (Dinis-Francois)
include Laura / Matt on contract negotations
create mailchimp for updates (seba)
Start a website from github content and the make a better design (Dinis) - Francois for design
DNS name to register - brainstorm options during the next days (ALL)
forward quote to Seba/Laura (Francois)
ask kelly to draw up the contract (Seba - on hold - see email Andrew - apparently to be approved by the board)
budget simulation with the updated numbers (Seba - DONE)







